---
title: Katelyn Lemay | README
layout: default
excerpt: When I joined Hypothesis, my manager at the time sent a Manager README before my first day. It gave me a sense of what it would be like to work with him, and spelled out some expectations that we're normally required to guess at in the workplace. My README is inspired by and adapted from his— I hope you find this useful.
---
# My Manager README
When I joined [Hypothesis](https://web.hypothes.is/), my manager at the time sent [a Manager README](https://andrew.hedges.name/my-manager-readme.html) before my first day. It gave me a sense of what it would be like to work with him, and spelled out some expectations that we're normally required to guess at in the workplace. My README is inspired by and adapted from his— I hope you find this useful.

## About me
I live in Brooklyn, NY and enjoy traveling. I'm always working to improve my activism and allyship in all areas of social justice. I ﻿like games (of the video and tabletop variety), dogs (please send me pictures of your dog), and talking about language (I ﻿have a BA in Linguistics). ﻿
﻿﻿
You are welcome but not at all obligated to follow and interact with me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/lemayke), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/klemay), or [my personal website](https://www.katelynlemay.com/). ﻿I won't follow/friend you anywhere unless you tell me it's OK to do so.

## Welcome!
I’m excited to work with you! As your manager, my primary role will be:﻿
- Clarifying priorities, strategy, and context for the work we do
- Providing appropriate tools and removing barriers to productivity

I can help with questions you might have about:
- Benefits, time off, and other logistics
- The history behind decisions made before you joined the team
- Navigating tough conversations with other team members
﻿If I'm not the right person to answer a question you have, I ﻿can point you toward that person.

## Working with me
I will do my best to give feedback early and often. Feedback does not mean you've done something wrong or bad; most of the time, I'll want to help you improve your workflow or ask that you do something a little differently to fit company-specific culture or best practices. I ﻿like to give positive feedback too!

﻿﻿The contents of your performance reviews should never be a surprise, because it's my job to let you know how you're doing regularly. If at any point you don't have a sense of how you're doing, please ask!

You should also feel free to give ﻿me ﻿feedback. I'm always working to improve my management style, the work that I do, and the processes I've put in place. I value your knowledge and expertise, and I ﻿understand that it's on me to create an environment where you feel comfortable sharing it. ﻿

## Meetings and communication

### My schedule
My working hours are usually 9am-5pm ET. Sometimes I'll shift my workday forward or backward by 30mins to an hour. You have access to my calendar, which I will always keep up-to-date to reflect meetings, time off, etc.

You should know that I am always "interruptible." ﻿Please don't ever worry about "bothering" ﻿me with a question or asking to hop on a call even when my schedule looks packed. ﻿I don't receive Slack or email notifications outside of my workday. If you're working while I'm not, feel free to send messages/emails/etc, and I'll review them when I'm back online. ﻿﻿

Similarly, if you receive Slack messages or emails from me outside your work hours, you're not obligated to respond before you're next online for work. Should I need an immediate response to something during your workday, I ﻿will make that clear. ﻿

### 1:1s
It's likely that we'll be in touch every day via email and/or Slack, but it's important that we have a regularly scheduled time to catch up. Please schedule a weekly-recurring 1:1 meeting of 30 minutes (or longer, if you need it). If you need to shift our 1:1 to a different day/time, that's fine (as long as the new meeting time is free on my calendar).

I'll let you set the agenda for these meetings. We can talk about anything from removing blockers for your current projects to setting professional development goals, to what's keeping you busy/happy outside of work. If you need some ideas, here's a thread with [examples of things we can talk about](https://twitter.com/b0rk/status/1037186572234498048).﻿﻿

## Work/Life balance
Things like illness, doctors' appointments, family obligations, and home repairs might require you to take time off or move your work schedule around, and that's okay! I ask that you keep the team informed of your availability and ﻿your calendar up-to-date.

And please remember to take vacation time! I'd appreciate it if you ran vacation dates by me before booking plane tickets, etc., but I don't "approve" or "deny" vacation requests.

Some people prefer to keep their work and personal lives mostly separate, and others enjoy sharing details about their non-work selves. If there's anything going on in your personal life that may impact your work, please tell me as much as you're comfortable with so that I have some context and can provide accommodations when appropriate.

---
Thanks for reading! If you have questions about this README or would like me to include more information, please [drop me a line](mailto:info@katelynlemay.com). 

Last updated: 24 July 2019
